feat(ui-shell): add divider element and styles (#3063)
carbon-design-system/carbon: packages/react/src/components/UIShell/README.md

    - `SideNavLink`: renders a link in the side nav
    - `SideNavMenu`: renders a collapsible menu in the side nav
      - `SideNavMenuItem`: renders a link in a side nav menu
  - `RightPanel`: used for render the container for header actions on the right
    - `Switcher`: used to render a list of product links inside the right panel
      - `SwitcherItem`: used to render list item
        - `SwitcherItemLink`: used to render a link inside the list item

>       - `Swithcer Divder`: used to render a divider for list items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `SwitcherDivider`: used to render a divider for list items
```
